---
layout: post
title: Ini adalah pos ke dua
penulis: Bejo bin Paijo
gambar: https://roniyuzirman.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/jalan2_resize.jpg
gambar_height: 600
gambar_width: 800
---
<p>ini adalah paragraf pertama psot The average time it takes to fully load a mobile landing page is 22 seconds, according to a new analysis. Yet 53% of mobile site visitors leave a page that takes longer than three seconds to load. That&#8217;s a big problem.</p>

<div class="post-content">
	<div class="amp-wp-article-content">
<div class="wp-image  size-full wp-image-1141 aligncenter">
	<amp-img 
		layout='responsive' 
		width="800" 
		height="600" 
		src="https://roniyuzirman.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/jalan2_resize.jpg">
	</amp-img>
</div>

<p>
<em>The following is an excerpt from a <a href="https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/articles/mobile-page-speed-new-industry-benchmarks.html" target="_blank">Think with Google article</a> by Daniel An, Global Product Lead, Mobile, Google.</em>
</p>

<p></p>
<p>It&#8217;s no secret that shoppers expect a fast mobile experience. If there&#8217;s too much friction, they&#8217;ll abandon their cart and move on. Today, it&#8217;s critical that marketers design fast web experiences across all industry sectors. Consumers want to quickly pay bills on finance sites, get rapid results when they&#8217;re browsing vacation reviews, and view an article immediately when they click through.</p>
<p>Despite the fact that more than half of overall web traffic comes from mobile, our data shows that mobile conversion rates are lower than desktop. In short, speed equals revenue.</p>
<div>
<p>Our research has been eye-opening. For 70% of the pages we analyzed, it took nearly seven seconds for the visual content above the fold to display on the screen, and it took more than 10 seconds to fully load all visual content above and below the fold.</p>
<p>Recently, we trained a deep neural network—a computer system modeled on the human brain and nervous system—with a large set of bounce rate and conversions data. The neural net, which had a 90% prediction accuracy, found that as page load time goes from one second to seven seconds, the probability of a mobile site visitor bouncing increases 113%. Similarly, as the number of elements—text, titles, images—on a page goes from 400 to 6,000, the probability of conversion drops 95%.</p>
</div>
<div><p><em><strong>Source: Google/SOASTA Research, 2017.</strong></em></p>
	<p>Learn more about this research, by checking out the <a href="https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/articles/mobile-page-speed-new-industry-benchmarks.html">full article on Think with Google</a>.</p>
	<p>To help improve these benchmarks, the AMP Project enables the creation of websites and ads that are consistently fast, beautiful and high-performing across devices and distribution platforms. Learn more at <a href="http://ampproject.org">AMPproject.org</a>.</p>
	<div></div>
	<div class="yj6qo ajU"></div><br />  </div>

